# Calvin
I feel as though my contribution graph accurately reflects the work I've done for this project. My main focuses involved developing the full-stack functionalities for the Lost & Found page, which allow users to create/view posts related to items that may have gotten lost on the bike paths, as well as the Profile page, which allows users to update their bio, add courses to their schedule, and view their history of forum posts. In addition to these specific features, I set up the Google OAuth such that only users who belong to UCSB may log in to our app and access certain features. Finally, I collaborated with the rest of my team when developing the daily itinerary display feature on the Map page based on the courses you've added to your schedule from the Profile page, including the estimated travel time depending on if your walking or biking as well as the best time to leave for your upcoming class. Along with my other teammates, I actively participated in the daily scrum and other team meetings, updating documentation on our GitHub whenever possible and interacting with the Kanban board often.

# Rukmini
I feel that my contribution graph accurately represents the work I've done for this project. I set up the Node.js backend for the website, worked on integrating a Node.js wrapper for the Google Distance Matrix API so we could get the travel time between a user's current location and their next class, worked on styling the landing page features such as the navbar and the overall layout of the home page, contributed features towards the Google map on the home page, specifically adding a window to show information about a crash report, and helped with the About Us Page. In addition to my software development contributions, I participated in the group standups and updated the Github Kanban board whenever a new feature idea came up throughout the quarter. Overall, the graph shows the consistent manner in which I contributed towards the project. 

# Yvonne Liu
I feel that the contribution graph accurately represents the work I've done for this project. For this project, I set up the database for your website using MongoDB Atlas. We used the database to store crash markers and their positions, bike racks and their positions, all the forum posts, and its corresponding comments, and the users that have logged into their Google account. For image storage, I set up Google Cloud Storage. I also set up the Forum Page and its components. Whenever a new issue appears, I try my best to update on the Kanban board and update my team about new features or changes that I have done.

